Feature 364 add tci calc (#369)
dtcenter/METcalcpy: docs/Contributors_Guide/index.rst

Coding Standards
================

> METplus has adopted some coding standards for its Python code.  Detailed information can be found here: https://metplus.readthedocs.io/en/main_v4.0/Contributors_Guide/coding_standards.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
METplus has adopted some coding standards for its Python code.  Detailed information can be found here: https://metplus.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Contributors_Guide/coding_standards.html
```
